Thanks for taking the time to be here today. Tell us, what does your company do?
What is unique about your company?
What problem are you solving?
How big is the market opportunity?
Who are the founders and key team members?
What relevant domain experience does the team have?
Why is the team uniquely capable to execute the company’s business plan?
What motivates the founders and how are they showing their commitment to the business?
How do you plan to scale the team in the next 12 months?
What is the actual addressable market?
What percentage of the market do you plan to get over what period of time?
Why does your company have high growth potential?
Why do users care about you’re offering?
What are the major product milestones?
What are the key differentiated features of your product?
What have you learned from early versions of the product?
Can you provide a demonstration of the product?
What are the two or three key features you plan to add?
Who are your company’s competitors?
What will give your company a competitive advantage?
What advantages does your competition have over you?
Compared to your competition, how do you compete with respect to price, features, and performance?
How does the company market or plan to market its products?
What is the cost of a customer acquisition?
What is the projected lifetime value of a customer?
What is the typical sales cycle between initial customer contact and closing of a sale?
What early traction has the company gotten, like sales, traffic to your website, usage, etc.
How can the early traction be accelerated?
What has been the principal reasons for the early traction results?
What do you see as the principal risks to the business?
What legal risks do you have?
Do you have any regulatory risks?
Are there any product liability risks?
What key intellectual property does the company have, like patents, patents pending, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, domain names?
What comfort do you have that the company’s intellectual property does not violate the rights of a third party?
How was the company’s intellectual property developed?
Would any prior employers of a team member have a potential claim to the company’s intellectual property?
What are the company’s three-year projections?
What are the key assumptions underlying your projections?
How much equity and debt has the company raised, and what is the capitalization structure?
What future equity or debt financing will be necessary?
How much of a stock option pool is being set aside for employees?
How much burn will occur until the company gets to profitability?
What are the key metrics that the management team focuses on?
How much is being raised in this round?
What is the company’s desired pre-money valuation?
What is the planned use of proceeds from this round?
What milestones will this round of financing help you achieve?
Thank you. That’s all the questions we have. We’ll reach out to shortly.